Barker and messy sand and fishy giant
sail w pretty
art and glass modern and witty this is
Barcelona
gothic Warren's made of ancient feet a
rambling place where fair people meet
this is Barcelona man this is the food
the ultimate treat olives and raw tuna
sausages and meet several courses it's
no small feat and black ink rice that's
hard to beat this is Barcelona
churches and castles and follies galore
Goudy provokes you into wanting more
this is Barcelona
you feasted on culture on architecture
and daring you humble yourself you're
constantly comparing this is Barcelona
what am I doing here have I left my
marker this is also Barcelona